# 2021

In 2021 I:
* finally got all six ascents of Elevation Insanity[^1] done in a calendar day
* finished Hardrock (it was my first attempt)
* set a course record at the Tortugas Mountain 24-hour challenge in the drinking division
* took first in my Age Group in the Big Cottonwood Marathon
* finished the Deadman Peaks 100 miler a week after finishing my tenth Javelina Jundred

Hardrock was my biggest accomplishment by far, but getting Elevation Insanity 
done before midnight had been eluding me for years. The drinking division of
Tortugas Mountain required each participant to drink a (12 oz. minimum, 5% ABV
minimum) beer before each four mile loop.  I completed fourteen loops.  The
Deadman Peaks, Javelina Jundred pair is the first time I attempted to run two
100 milers on back-to-back weekends.

Due to covid, some of the events I normally participate in were
canceled or otherwise altered in a way that prevented me from
participating. The Sandia Snowshoe Race, Mt. Taylor Winter
Quadrathlon, King of the Hill Ruck Run, Bataan Memorial Death March,
Boston Marathon, Santa Fe Century, and Believe in Heroes Ruck Run are
the ones I can think of.

I finished all the events I started, but I didn't start the Santa Fe Century,
even though my registration had rolled over from the previous year. It had
been rescheduled in October which made it inconvenient (and the weather was
pretty bad that day).

The only event I had planned on doing in December was Perky Garcia's Grinch
Lunch, but I had covid and stayed home.

These are the events I completed:

|Month|Day|Event|Type|
|-----|---|-----|----|
|January|1|**Unofficial** Foothills Fat Ass|50k|
|February|13|Bosque Bigfoot|50k|
|March|28|Duke City **Substitute**|Half Marathon|
|April|24|Chimney Canyon Threepeat|Training[^2]|
|May|8|Elevation Insanity XI|Hike|
||22|Jemez Mountain Trail Run|50 Miler|
|June|12|Chimney Melon|50k|
||26|San Juan Solstice|50 Miler||
|July|16|Hardrock|100 Miler|
|August|14|Baldy|50k|
|September|11|Big Cottonwood|Marathon|
||25|Mt. Taylor|50k|
|October|8|AA50k|50k|
||15|Tortugas Mountain 24-hour Challenge|Timed|
||24|Day of the Tread|Bicycle Century|
||30|Javelina Jundred|100 Miler|
|November|6|Deadman Peaks|100 Miler|
||13|White Mesa Fat Ass|50k|
||26|Black Friday Turkey Trots|4 Miler|
||27|Bosque Bigfoot|50k|

[^1]: Six different ascents up the Sandia Mountain in one calendar day.
We take my truck down after the first ascent, then use the tram to get down from the next four ascents, then get picked up at the top.
About 23,850 feet of elevation gain in 24 hours.

[^2]: Park at the La Luz Trailhead, then take Old La Luz up to the Chimney
Canyon Trail, then ascend that until getting to the north<->south trail
that is at the top, but to the west of the towers, then take that over
to the La Luz Spur trail, then descend back to the base of Chimney Canyon
Trail, repeat twice more, then use Old La Luz to return to our vehicles.
