# [AA 50k](https://newmexicofa50k.wordpress.com/aa50k/) 2022

## Overview

[AA 50k](https://newmexicofa50k.wordpress.com/aa50k/) is a night race
(starting at 7pm on a Friday) that normally consists of up to ten 3.3
mile loops around Albuquerque Academy.  It is open to people who wish
to do fewer. Back when we had thirty or so people starting, after
people had finished they'd be put in the division for the number of
laps they had completed and then, within that division, ranked based
on their finishing time.


It may be time to retire this race. We only had three starters: Jason Romero,
Mark Werkmeister and myself. Jason and I finished 31 miles seconds less
than eight hours.

## The "Race"

Mark was planning on doing _at most_ four laps (i.e., a half
marathon), but complication from his recent surgery limited his
participation to a little more than two laps (a bit more than a 10k).
Furthermore, Mark has not yet been cleared to run, so he was walking,
so Jason, Mark and I walked together initially.

About four tenths of a mile into his third loop, Mark let prudence 
turn him back toward his car so he could drive home. Although he had
been cleared by his doctor to walk and hike, his body was acting up
and telling him to stop. He listened.

Being lazy, Jason and I accompanied Mark back to his car before restarting
our third loop.  You might think that would have caused us to do an extra
eight tenths of a mile, but instead we decided to do only nine complete
laps, since with all the futzing around, we were at 31.03 miles by then.

Although we stuck together, my GPS watch said my time was
[7:59:45](https://www.strava.com/activities/7857963617), whereas
Jason's said his time was 7:59:47, so I stole the win!

## What was I doing?

I took this event for granted.  I knew Mark was going to be there and was
going to be walking a few loops. I also knew that earlier in the year I had
run the Cedro Peak 50k in a fasted state until the final three aid stations,
where I had a beer at each. So, I figured I could just show up, walk a few
laps with Mark, not pay much attention to my caloric intake and then run
the remaining laps after Mark was done and call it a night.

Turns out, Mark walks much faster than I do. He always has.  He is
taller that I am, but I suspect his natural stride is a greater
percentage of his height than mine, so at what appeared to be the same
cadence, it was hard for me to keep up without running, but my pride
didn't want me to run. I did, however want to stay near him, in order
to make chatting easier, so for the first lap and change I walked
faster than was comfortable and found myself getting tired and hungry!

It was a bit demoralizing to be tired and hungry after a lap and a
half when I thought I was going to breeze through the first few laps,
but the tiredness was not muscular tiredness, it was a combination of
sleepy tiredness and my body saying "why are you walking at an
unnaturally fast pace when you could be running?"  My guess is the
hunger was because I wasn't exerting myself enough to get my body
burning fat.

At some point, and I think it was after our second lap, I drank one of
my emergency double espressos.  I also ate a big hunk of (perhaps
slightly spoiled) sweet potato.  When Mark called it an early night,
my mental focus turned to his situation and even though I knew he
wasn't having an emergency, I was still hit hard by the fact that his
body was mean enough to make him quit so early.

## Just the two of us

Before too long, Jason and I fell into hundred-miler mode where we were
hiking the uphill leg of the loop and running the downhill leg and the
two relatively neutral legs.

I wound up with some GI distress both from a combination of what I had
eaten earlier in the day and _perhaps_ the state of the sweet potato.
I had brought a "bucket potty" and kept planning on using it, but I really
didn't want to and my urge to go would disappear as I was hiking and the
bucket potty was where our cars were and we typically hiked that section.

By the time we had finished our sixth lap it was clear that we'd only
need to do nine complete laps this year, so I gave myself something to
look forward to at the end of each of the remaining laps: I was going
to attempt to use to bucket potty at the end of the seventh; I was
going to drink a beer at the end of the eighth and the end of the
ninth would be the finish, which would allow me to drive home where I
had a real toilet and more beer!

## Glad I went

It was great to see Mark.  It's always good to see Jason too, but we
had spent a fair amount of time together two weeks prior when I [paced
him the last 50 miles](https://www.strava.com/activities/7717983430)
of the [Creede
100](https://ultrasignup.com/results_event.aspx?did=89185#id437178).
I hadn't seen Mark since before his operation, when he, Jason and I
did a "[shortest double
crossing](https://www.strava.com/activities/7595451430)."

## AA 50k Origin

AA 50k was added to the [Albuquerque Fat Ass
series](https://newmexicofa50k.wordpress.com/) in 2012 to give people
training for their first hundred miler a chance to run in the dark on
a familiar, accessible, tame, course.

## AA 50k Future

There's no longer a _need_ for AA 50k, so perhaps 2022 was its final
year.  The people for whom AA 50k was initially set up for now have a
decade of night running experience.  However, hundred milers continue
to gain popularity and there's a new stable of runners who might want
the stepping stone that AA 50k can provide.  If it is to be put on in
2023, a date will be chosen much
earlier and more will be done to increase attendance.  

