# King of the Hill

## Overview

I finished in
[1:02:35](https://www.athlinks.com/event/166931/results/Event/1033484/Course/2300465/Bib/1629)
for first overall in the 10k ruck.  There were only four other ruckers
this year and the notable absence was my buddy GEORGE[^1] who
absolutely crushed me last year.  Without GEORGE there to keep me
honest, I finished [four seconds slower than last
year](https://www.athlinks.com/event/166931/results/Event/987740/Course/2128097/Bib/884).

## Overshadowed

With [Shenanigains](shenanigains.md) going on back up in Albuquerque
and with the [Bataan Memorial Death March](bmdm) only eight days away,
I did not write a race report, yet.

The day before KotH, I visited a local podiatrist. After we agreed
that my hot-spot symptoms were consistent with a morton's neuroma and
definitely weren't a stress fracture, he gave me a cortisone shot[^2].
The race wasn't long enough to determine whether that helped
appreciably, but it definitely didn't hurt.

Other than that, I don't think there's too much to say about my race
at KotH.  However, in addition to the 10k Ruck, there were other races
and so there were lots of participants.  I hope to come back and fill
in a few stories, including how I conspired with Piggy Style to claim
that I paid him $20,000 to leave the country during the final race of
the Albuquerque Brewery Tour so that I would win the crown.

<br/>
<br/>
<hr/>

[^1]: I have a few friends whose first name is George, including a
friend whose father and son are both George. I have such trouble
remembering names, I tried to pay George to get his wife to rename
herself to George, but I guess my three dollars isn't good enough for
that stuck up George.  Anyway, this GEORGE literally sends all of his
text to everyone in ALL CAPS. He's a huge inspiration to me, because
HE'S ALWAYS SHOUTING words of encouragement.

[^2]: As far as I know, prior to my appointment, I had never met the
podiatrist (whose name I'm omitting in case he wants to avoid being
associated with this ne'er-do-well), and yet without prompting he
volunteered "You trimmed your beard!"
