# A Public Life

Greetings. I'm [Cliff Matthews](https://www.builtinnm.org/people/20)
([Team RWB](https://members.teamrwb.org/profile/9056),
[Strava](https://www.strava.com/athletes/58696205)), aka Clifford
Matthews
([UltraSignup](https://ultrasignup.com/results_participant.aspx?fname=Clifford&lname=Matthews)),
aka deadhead ([BARGE](https://www.barge.org/),
[devctm](https://devctm.com/), [Marathon
Maniacs](https://db.marathonmaniacs.com/Maniacs/myraces/4395)),
aka ctm ([GitHub](https://github.com/ctm), [Albuquerque Game
Developers Guild](https://agdg.co/)) aka nmdeadhead
([Freesound](https://freesound.org/people/nmdeadhead/)). Although I
don't wear a tinfoil hat, I _am_ concerned with privacy, albeit I'm
more concerned with yours than mine.

I don't participate in traditional social media. I do have a [LinkedIn
account](https://www.linkedin.com/in/clifford-matthews-4a44231/),
although I haven't done a good job of keeping it up to date. I don't
have a Facebook or Instagram account.

Over the years, I've tossed various random stuff into [public
repositories](https://github.com/ctm?tab=repositories) in my GitHub
account. In 2016 I chose to publicly document [the
training](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/blob/master/2017.md)
I was planning on doing for the 2017 Bataan Memorial Death March. It
felt weird having so much info out there, but I did hear from others
who read it and appreciated that I made it available, so I've
continued that tradition and slowly added more info that people may or
may not find handy.

Before too long I'll be looking for investors in the company that I've
formed to monetize my poker software.  I figure investors are
potentially going to do some web sleuthing to find out more about me,
so putting a chunk of info here makes sense and it goes hand-in-hand
with doing post-running brain dumps that are kind of like a blog, but
done in mdbook (the format that this document is in).

Currently, on a typical week I run for a couple hours or more on
Mondays through Saturdays and ride my bike for several hours on
Sunday.  This gives me a lot of time to think and record voice notes.
I'm planning to dump some of my thoughts into this "book".  It's kind
of like me writing up thoughts for a younger version of myself and
probably equally pointless.  I don't (yet!) have a time machine and
younger deadhead listened to nobody.
